what he was able to launch his battle
gear
nice forgot one thing you may have
frozen dragos lower half but my battle
gear mounts on top battle gear ability
activate
so much for that strategy
this is one of her
that's what that's how we roll that is
some heavy firepower indeed Sid and Lena
life for seating repent that's it yeah
the bad for the win
Bakugan
ability activate
after seeing how well it worked on
optimal last time it would have been
foolish not
marucho like 40
but why are you about the venom
Motorola's would bury their method of
attack in battle she however stayed with
one faked him out ability activate chu
deeper ability activate
this is fun
keep it up The Laughing guy that's
pretty tough talk considering you're
down a brawling partner not to mention
all the ropes yourself lean that no more
talk okay all right very well then ready
jester car ready Tara crest ready
whatever gear you want nothing better
you're going down sucker
you
battle gear ability activate
just a good gear wait for
Oh
oh I'm not done here
ability activate
it is the victory is ours now
really are you sure think again once ha
Gate card open capacity booster
what their power levels return to base
level why won't he go down I don't get
it maybe it's because I've been in
hundreds of battles have faced far
tougher opponents in you perhaps you
forgot that I'm Pyrus helix Dragonoid
that's right i should explain something
else to you guys the command card also
increases the power of dragons battle
gear what that means that he's going to
activate level 2 possibility you ready
Drago absolutely
ability activate
deathcore plane is packed
target
thank you for the exciting battle
gentlemen huh yeah it was real
educational all right come on Reuben oi
no time to go friend
guys dan the man delivers a body slam
dude what did I tell you about the
rhyming read those two battlers aren't
the only moles from neathia are they no
I highly doubt it that who cares I'll
take a thousand of them on whatever
they're no match for the battle brawlers
nap well Dan kuso your strength
ingenuity and finessin battle are all
very impressive you are indeed a most
powerful brawler however you're still
not number one
oh man what a J I totally slept through
my alarm which means that I'm gonna be
late for my meeting with the other
brawlers maroudo's gonna be mad where
does he expect who schedules a meeting
on a Saturday morning everyone stays out
of my way I should be glow hey who's
that cutie look out did you see that she
threw me like I was a Bakugan fall that
was totally out of line somebody better
teach this chick some manners Bakugan
weakness
you